just hey you yeah you listen to me are
you in the market for a private island
come on we all need our own personal
getaway plus these prices are unbeatable
okay fine I make a lousy salesperson but
there really are whole islands out there
that you can purchase for a fraction of
the typical price but the real kicker is
that nobody wants to buy them
take for example Piazza busuu Islands
Brazil price seventy nine thousand five
hundred dollars for just under eighty
thousand dollars you can become the
owner of not one but six islands
situated on Brazil's Salle Francisco
River these islands can boast
picturesque views exciting wildlife and
even colonial ruins so why hasn't
anybody grabbed them up yet well the
reason might lie in the fact that you're
technically just buying the right to use
the islands for 99 years
besides the contract contains a vague
note that you'll be subject to small
annual taxes hmm yeah maybe pass on this
sketchy deal but I've got plenty more
offers like little Rocky Island Nova
Scotia Canada price seventy four
thousand five hundred dollars
surprisingly this eight acre island is
still available and if you hurry you'll
be able to buy it for 75 grand that is
but given its pretty sandy beaches
untouched nature and pine trees that
price point is a steal although little
rocky island lies in the Atlantic Ocean
neighboring islands protected from foul
weather there's no property on the
island but you can build anything you
like there as for why is still for sale
that's a real mystery perhaps the market
is a little flooded since Canada has so
many private islands for sale Tillamook
Island Oregon USA price $50,000 also
known as terrible Tilly this islands
nickname speaks for itself well it's not
technically an island in the traditional
sense it's basically a rock with a
single lighthouse on it off the coast of
Oregon
initially the island was sold for a half
a million but that wasn't the only time
it was for sale so far nobody has been
enthusiastic enough to buy the place why
you ask well when you consider the
tumultuous weather waves they can get so
high they sweep over the entire island
and the history that's not short of
tragedy for those who brave the
dangerous waters around it then yeah
Tilley doesn't exactly sell like
hotcakes Chandler Island Maine USA price
thirty nine thousand nine hundred ninety
nine dollars so if you have some extra
cash you can buy a one acre island with
a view of picturesque Maine there's a
little cabin on the island and you can
theoretically build some other property
there too if you want
the only problem is that you know during
high tide half of the island gets
submerged underwater as a result the
tiny territory of the island shrinks
even more bring a life vest Fort Carroll
Maryland USA price $31,500 you could be
the owner of a historic private island
on one condition you have to restore the
fort situated on it but it cost you less
than the average price of a college
tuition Fort Carroll is an artificial
island constructed in 1848 what's left
today is an abandoned hexagonal fort on
the island that was once crucial for
defending the city of Baltimore many
local businesses have made attempts to
renovate the fort and even turn it into
a hotel a casino a conference center and
even a jail however nobody has succeeded
so far the problem with the island is
that it's an important Bird Conservation
site that's home to tons of herons and
seagulls that's why you can't construct
or change anything on the island since
it might spook the birds secondly the
fortress itself is under the protection
of the state strict environmental laws
this makes redevelopment next to
impossible MacGibbon Island New
Brunswick Canada price $29,900 in
Canadian people typically associate
private islands with some sort of
tropical paradise but Canada's MacGibbon
island is nothing like that perhaps that
explains the super low price tag of 30
grand for this small plot of land on the
st. Johns River but it's probably gotten
more to do with the fact that MacGibbon
is completely undeveloped one of the
reasons for this inconvenience is that
every spring the territory gets totally
submerged so you can't really build a
cozy house here because it flowed away
with the floodwaters but if you like
camping trips megive an island might be
a spectacular investment Mont Segur
Island Australia price free see that
little string there yeah it's attached
welcome to a tiny island off the coast
of Tasmania Australia to be the only
occupant of this island you don't need
to buy it or pay rent the tasmanian
Parks and Wildlife Services offer people
to live in this remote beautiful
location entirely free of charge the
duration of stay is a half a year but
that should be plenty of time to enjoy
all the lush greenery breathtaking ocean
views and your own personal vegetable
garden as always there's a catch first
of all this offer is open only for
couples and both partners should be
equally eager to go to the island
besides you'll take care of the property
and its wildlife as well as maintain the
equipment in buildings your
responsibilities will also include
weather observations and finally there's
no means of communication with the rest
of the world that's right no TV no
internet no cell phone service harsh
once you're there you can only leave the
island for emergencies and finally
finally you can only bring up to seven
hundred sixteen pounds of supplies with
you when you arrive yeah pretty strict
stuff huh
but hey if you and your spouse are
looking to escape from the modern world
for a few months then I say go for it
okay maybe you don't have tens of
thousands of dollars to buy even the
cheapest islands on the market that
nobody else wants well there are plenty
of other islands that aren't really for
sale but you can live there or at least
visit some of them
again for one reason or another nobody
wants to for example there's okunoshima
Island this place lies approximately two
miles off the coast of Japan but despite
such a convenient location nobody lives
there from 1929 to 1945 there was a
chemical weapons plant on the island
that produced poisonous gas yet even
after the factory ceased to exist no one
wanted to settle on the island
in 1988 the okunoshima poison gas museum
was open and it started to attract
tourists when he get a free sniff but
that wasn't the main reason why the
island started gaining more and more
visitors it was because the place is
overcome by rabbits they begun to thrive
and multiply on the island after the
factory was closed and these days
thousands of friendly bunnies will greet
you if you decide to pay them a visit
and if you do you should find time to
stop in at Hashima island dubbed
battleship island because it looks like
an old half destroyed battleship Hashima
is located about nine miles away from
Nagasaki from 1887 to 1974 there was a
profitable coal mine on the island more
than 5000 miners together with their
families lived on this 15 acre piece of
land all of them cooped up in high-rise
tenements but when the coal ran out
people left the island and the buildings
were abandoned over time they slowly
crumbled away to the point that it was
dangerous to even step foot on the
island
nowadays the site is open for tourists
but is no wonder nobody is eager to live
in this gloomy place Lazaretto nuovo
located in Venice Italy this island is
also open for tourists but home to
nobody the reason lies in its rough past
in 1468
the island became a quarantine area for
ships that approached the city this move
was meant to protect Venice from the
plague in the 18th century the island
was turned into a military base and
finally in 1975 the place was left alone
derelict and forgotten
only recently has the local community
turned it into a museum site jaco island
this place belongs to the democratic
republic of two more Leste the island
looks like the picture of a true
paradise lush green trees crystal blue
waters and white sand surprisingly this
place is uninhabitable but that's
because the island is sacred to locals
so no one is allowed to live there
permanently but they don't mind one day
tourist trips or even camping so you can
visit it so which island would you like
to go to let everybody know down in the
comments for me it's got to be rabbit
island the place must go nuts at Easter
time also remember to give this video a
big thumbs up share it with your friends
and hit the subscribe button to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]